Temporal Cloud limits (#2277)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud/temporal-platform-limits-sheet.md

---
slug: temporal-platform-limits-sheet
title: What are the Temporal Platform limits?
sidebar_label: Upgrade policy
description: Basic upgrade policy for customers of Temporal Cloud
tags:
  - error
  - warn
  - limits
---

> 

Reviewer: Please add an introductory paragraph here that sets expectations and adds more context?

For example, "This section describes many of the default settings and limits that apply to Workflow attributes, executions, yada " -something to that effect.

Good job for ChatGPT... ;)

### What is the maximum length for identifiers?

> The maximum length for identifiers, like Workflow Id, Workflow Type, and Task Queue names is 1000 characters.
> 
> The character format is UTF-8.
> 
> This default limit is configurable by creating a [support ticket](/cloud/support#support-ticket).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifiers such as Workflow Id, Workflow Type, and Task Queue names have a maximum length of 1000 characters in UTF-8 format.

If needed, this default limit can be configured by initiating a [support ticket](https://chat.openai.com/cloud/support#support-ticket)
```

passive -> active

### What is the gRPC limit for each message received?

A 4 MB limit for each gRPC message received.

### What is the maximum limit for an Event batch size?

> The `DefaultTransacationSizeLimit` is set to 4 MB and is the largest transaction size allowed for the persistence of Event Histories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DefaultTransactionSizeLimit` is configured at 4 MB, representing the maximum allowable transaction size for persisting Event Histories.
```

passive -> active

### What are the default limits at the Namespace level in Temporal Cloud?

At the Namespace level, Temporal Cloud sets the following default limits:

- Actions per second: 200 (with spikes to 400)
- Certificates: 32 KB payload or 16 certificates, whichever is smaller
- Concurrent Task pollers: 2,000 (configurable; maximum of 100,000)

### What is the Concurrent Action limit?

> If the concurrent running count of certain action Commands exceeds 2,000, they will fail. These commands include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the concurrent running count of certain Action Commands exceeds 2,000, they will fail. These commands include:
```
Action is a core term here ya?
Commands is too?

---

> slug: temporal-platform-limits-sheet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: temporal-cloud-default-limits
```

> title: What are the Temporal Platform limits?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: What are the Temporal Cloud default limits?
```

sidebar_label: Upgrade policy

> description: Basic upgrade policy for customers of Temporal Cloud

Reviewer: Update to be relevant to this node.

tags:
  - error
  - warn
  - limits
---

> This section describes many of the default settings and limits that apply to associated parameters in Temporal Cloud.

Reviewer: "... apply to many aspect of operating with Temporal Cloud" 

I don't think "associated parameters" is an ideal choice here.

Some of these default limits are configurable by sending a [support ticket](/cloud/support#support-ticket) to our support team.

### What is the maximum length for identifiers?

Identifiers such as Workflow Id, Workflow Type, and Task Queue names have a maximum length of 1000 characters in UTF-8 format.

This default limit is configurable by creating a [support ticket](/cloud/support#support-ticket).

### What is the gRPC limit for each message received?

> Each gRPC message received has a limit of 4 MB.

Reviewer: This applies to both Temporal Cloud & SDK Workers?

> ### What is the maximum limit for an Event batch size?

Reviewer: Whats an Event batch size?
Any way we can add some context in this section?

The `DefaultTransactionSizeLimit` is configured at 4 MB, representing the maximum allowable transaction size for persisting Event Histories.

### What are the default limits at the Namespace level in Temporal Cloud?

At the Namespace level, Temporal Cloud sets the following default limits:

- Actions per second: 200 (with spikes to 400)
- Certificates: 32 KB payload or 16 certificates, whichever is smaller
- Concurrent Task pollers: 2,000 (configurable; maximum of 100,000)

> ### What is the Concurrent Action limit?

Reviewer: Per Workflow?

If the concurrent running count of certain Action Commands exceeds 2,000, they will fail. These commands include:

- `ScheduleActivityTask`
- `SignalExternalWorkflowExecution`
- `RequestCancelExternalWorkflowExecution`
- `StartChildWorkflowExecution`

This default limit is configurable by creating a [support ticket](/cloud/support#support-ticket).

### What are the default limits for users and Namespaces at the account level in Temporal Cloud?

At the account level, Temporal Cloud sets the following default limits:

- Users: 100
- Namespaces: 10

### What is the limit for Prometheus endpoint Retention Period?

The Prometheus endpoint Retention Period is 1 month.

### What is the default retention period in Temporal Cloud?

> Temporal Cloud sets the default Retention Period to 30 days and is configurable in the Temporal Web UI.

Reviewer: suggestion: "... in your Temporal Cloud Account." 

is this per Namespace ? Or at the Account level?

> ### What is the limit on the number of Signals received per Workflow Execution in Temporal Cloud?

Reviewer: concurrent or total?

Can we move this up under the limit for Actions?

The number of Signals received per Workflow Execution to 10,000.

> ### What are the default limits for Custom Search Attributes in Temporal Cloud?

Reviewer: Per Namespace or per account ?
